README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://www.hackerrank.com/davidepollicino1">
        <img height=100 src="https://d3keuzeb2crhkn.cloudfront.net/hackerrank/assets/styleguide/logo_wordmark-f5c5eb61ab0a154c3ed9eda24d0b9e31.svg">
    </a>
</p>

## What you can find in this repository

Here you will be able to find my HackerRank solutions to many challenghes, using C++, JavaScript, Python and SQL

## Correlated Materials

This repository is part of the [Competitive Programmig guide](https://github.com/omonimus1/competitive-programming/blob/master/README.md) so if you would to like to have access to other coding solutions by Codechef, [Geeks For Geeks](https://github.com/omonimus1/geeks-for-geeks-solutions/blob/master/README.md), InterviewBit or UVA, visit [My Competitive Programming repository](https://github.com/omonimus1/competitive-programming/blob/master/README.md)

## Index

* [SQL](#SQL)
* [Python](#Python)
* [C++](#C++)
* [Problem Solving](#Problem-Solving)
* [30 days of code](#30-Days-Of-Code)
* [10 days of Javascript](#10-Days-Of-Javascript)
* [Problem Solving](#Proble Solving)
* [Interview Preparation Kit](#Interview-preparation-kit)

## SQL 
| Category    |     Name        |   Database|  Solution |
|-------------|:---------------:|----------:|----------:|
|Basic select|Revising-Select 1|ORACLE|[SQL](sql/basic-select/revising-select-query-1.sql)|
|Basic select|Revising-Select 2|ORACLE|[SQL](sql/basic-select/revising-select-query2.sql)|
|Basic select|Weather observation|ORACLE|[SQL](sql/basic-select/weather-observation-3.sql)|
|Basic select|Weather observation-6|MySQL|[SQL](sql/basic-select/weather-observation-6.sql)|
|Basic select|Weather observation-8|MySQL|[SQL](sql/basic-select/weather-observation-8.sql)|
|Basic select|Weather observation-9|MySQL|[SQL](sql/basic-select/weather-station-9.sql)|
|Aggregation | Sum function | ORACLE | [SQL](sql/aggregation/sum-function.sql)|
|Aggregation | Japanese population | ORACLE | [SQL](sql/aggregation/japan-population.sql)|
|Basic Join|Average Continent Population|MYSQL|[SQL](sql/basic-join/average-continent-population.sql)|

## 30 Days Of Code

| Name     |   C   |    C++ | Python | Java   | 
|----------|------:|-------:|-------:|-------:|
| Hello World|[C](30-days-of-code/hello-world/solution.c)|[C++](30-days-of-code/hello-world/solution.cpp)|[PYTHON](30-days-of-code/hello-world/solution.py)| |
| Loops|[C]()|[C++](30-days-of-code/loops/solution.cpp)|[PYTHON](30-days-of-code/loops/solution.py) || |
| DataTypes | | |[PYTHON](30-days-of-code/data-types/solution.cpp)| 
| Operators ||[C++](30-days-of-code/operators/solution.cpp)|[N/A](https://github.com/omonimus1/HackerRank-Solutions)| [JAVA](30-days-of-code/operators/solution.java) |
|Array|| |[Python](30-days-of-code/array.py) |


## Problem Solving
| Name     | C++       |Python     |
|----------|----------:|----------:|
| Array-DS |[C++](problem-solving/array-ds/solution.cpp)| [C++](problem-solving/array-ds/solution.py)|
|Print Linked List|[C++](problem-solving/linked-list/print-linked-list.cpp)|[Python](problem-solving/linked-list/print-linked-list.py)|
|Preorder Traversal Tree|[C++](c++/preorder-tree)|[Python](problem-solving/preorder-tree.py)|
|PostOrder Traversal Tree|[C++](problem-solving/postorder.cpp)|[Python]||Insert Node at the head of Linked List| |[C++](problem-solving/linked-list/insert-node-at-the-head.cpp)|
|Print reverse of a linked list| |[C++](problem-solving/linked-list/print_reverse.cpp)|
|Get the value of thenode at a specific position from the tail| |[C++](problem-solving/linked-list/get_node_from_tail.cpp)|
|Reverse Linked list||[C++](problem-solving/linked-list/reverse.cpp)|
|Compare two list||[C++](problem-solving/linked-list/compare_two_list.cpp)|
## Python 

| Category  |      Name       |  Solution|
|----------|:----------------:|----------:|
| String   |String validation |[Python](python/string/string_validation.py)|
| Introduction|Hello World|[Python](python/helloworld.py)|
| I/O |Python-print|[Python](python/python-print.py)|
| Data Structure |List|[Python](python/list.py)|
| Python Loops |Loops|[Python](python/loop.py)|
| Split and join |Strings |[Python](python/split_and_join.py)|

## 10 Days Javascript 

|Day|      Name |  Solution|
|---|:---------:|----------:|
| 0 |Hello world|[JS](10-days-javascript/hello-world.js)|
| 1 |Data types|[JS](10-days-javascript/data-types.js)|
| 1 |Arithmetic Operators|[JS](10-days-javascript/arithmetic-operators.js)|
| 1 |Function|[JS](10-days-javascript/function.js)|
| 1 |If-else|[JS](10-days-javascript/if-else.js)|
| 1 |Let and Cost|[JS](10-days-javascript/let_and_cost.js)|
| 2 |Loops|[JS](10-days-javascript/loops.js)|
| 4 |Recatangle Object ([Tutorial](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/js10-objects/topics))|[JS](10-days-javascript/rectangle_object.js)|
| 4 |Count Objects ([Tutorial](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/js10-count-objects/topics))|[](10-days-javascript/ )|



## C++

| Name |  Solution|
|---|:---------:|
|Data Types|[C++](c++/data-types.cpp)|
|Array left shift|[C++](c++/arra_left_shift.cpp)|
|Min Max sum|[C++](c++/min-max-sum.cpp)|
|Preoder Traversal Tree|[C++](c++/preorder-traversal.cpp)|
|Struct|[C++](c++/struct.cpp)|
|Vector Sort|[C++](c++/vector_sort.cpp)|
|Vector Erase|[C++](c++/vector-erase.cpp)|
|SET|[C++](c++/set.cpp)|
|Map|[C++](c++/map.cpp)|

## Interview preparation kit
| Name |  Solution|
|---|:---------:|
|Detect Cycle in Linked List|[C++](inteview_preparation/detect_cyclec.cpp)|

## How to contribute?
1. Fork the repository
2. Do the desired changes (add/delete/modify)
3. Make a pull request

## When to contribute?
1. If there is no solution to a problem in the main branch.
2. If your solution is asymptotically faster than the one in the main branch.
3. If your algorithm is of the same time complexity but with reduced code size. In this case, comment out the original solution and make a pull request with your solution.
4. If you have another method of solving the problem which is asymptotically slower than the original method then, comment your solution in the main file and make a pull request.

## Mind that
Constructive criticisms or code reviews of any kind are very much welcome.

If you have any questions about the solutions you can find here, feel free to contact me at: [davidepollicino2015@gmail.com](mailto:davidepollicino2015@gmail.com?subject=[GitHub]%20HackerRankSolution)

Commit message:

Added insert in tail and remore from specific position linkedlist

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://www.hackerrank.com/davidepollicino1">
        <img height=100 src="https://d3keuzeb2crhkn.cloudfront.net/hackerrank/assets/styleguide/logo_wordmark-f5c5eb61ab0a154c3ed9eda24d0b9e31.svg">
    </a>
</p>

## What you can find in this repository

Here you will be able to find my HackerRank solutions to many challenghes, using C++, JavaScript, Python and SQL

## Correlated Materials

This repository is part of the [Competitive Programmig guide](https://github.com/omonimus1/competitive-programming/blob/master/README.md) so if you would to like to have access to other coding solutions by Codechef, [Geeks For Geeks](https://github.com/omonimus1/geeks-for-geeks-solutions/blob/master/README.md), InterviewBit or UVA, visit [My Competitive Programming repository](https://github.com/omonimus1/competitive-programming/blob/master/README.md)

## Index

* [SQL](#SQL)
* [Python](#Python)
* [C++](#C++)
* [Problem Solving](#Problem-Solving)
* [30 days of code](#30-Days-Of-Code)
* [10 days of Javascript](#10-Days-Of-Javascript)
* [Problem Solving](#Proble Solving)
* [Interview Preparation Kit](#Interview-preparation-kit)

## SQL 
| Category    |     Name        |   Database|  Solution |
|-------------|:---------------:|----------:|----------:|
|Basic select|Revising-Select 1|ORACLE|[SQL](sql/basic-select/revising-select-query-1.sql)|
|Basic select|Revising-Select 2|ORACLE|[SQL](sql/basic-select/revising-select-query2.sql)|
|Basic select|Weather observation|ORACLE|[SQL](sql/basic-select/weather-observation-3.sql)|
|Basic select|Weather observation-6|MySQL|[SQL](sql/basic-select/weather-observation-6.sql)|
|Basic select|Weather observation-8|MySQL|[SQL](sql/basic-select/weather-observation-8.sql)|
|Basic select|Weather observation-9|MySQL|[SQL](sql/basic-select/weather-station-9.sql)|
|Aggregation | Sum function | ORACLE | [SQL](sql/aggregation/sum-function.sql)|
|Aggregation | Japanese population | ORACLE | [SQL](sql/aggregation/japan-population.sql)|
|Basic Join|Average Continent Population|MYSQL|[SQL](sql/basic-join/average-continent-population.sql)|

## 30 Days Of Code

| Name     |   C   |    C++ | Python | Java   | 
|----------|------:|-------:|-------:|-------:|
| Hello World|[C](30-days-of-code/hello-world/solution.c)|[C++](30-days-of-code/hello-world/solution.cpp)|[PYTHON](30-days-of-code/hello-world/solution.py)| |
| Loops|[C]()|[C++](30-days-of-code/loops/solution.cpp)|[PYTHON](30-days-of-code/loops/solution.py) || |
| DataTypes | | |[PYTHON](30-days-of-code/data-types/solution.cpp)| 
| Operators ||[C++](30-days-of-code/operators/solution.cpp)|[N/A](https://github.com/omonimus1/HackerRank-Solutions)| [JAVA](30-days-of-code/operators/solution.java) |
|Array|| |[Python](30-days-of-code/array.py) |


## Problem Solving
| Name     | C++       |Python     |
|----------|----------:|----------:|
| Array-DS |[C++](problem-solving/array-ds/solution.cpp)| [C++](problem-solving/array-ds/solution.py)|
|Print Linked List|[C++](problem-solving/linked-list/print-linked-list.cpp)|[Python](problem-solving/linked-list/print-linked-list.py)|
|Preorder Traversal Tree|[C++](c++/preorder-tree)|[Python](problem-solving/preorder-tree.py)|
|PostOrder Traversal Tree|[C++](problem-solving/postorder.cpp)|[Python]||Insert Node at the head of Linked List| |[C++](problem-solving/linked-list/insert-node-at-the-head.cpp)|
|Print reverse of a linked list| |[C++](problem-solving/linked-list/print_reverse.cpp)|
|Get the value of thenode at a specific position from the tail| |[C++](problem-solving/linked-list/get_node_from_tail.cpp)|
|Reverse Linked list||[C++](problem-solving/linked-list/reverse.cpp)|
|Compare two list||[C++](problem-solving/linked-list/compare_two_list.cpp)|
|Detect Loop in a Linked List||[C++](problem-solving/linked-list/detect_loop.cpp)|
|Insert node in a specific position||[C++](problem-solving/linked-list/insert_in_specif_position.cpp)|
|Insert at the tail of a linked list||[C++](problem-solving/insert_at_tail.cpp)|
## Python 

| Category  |      Name       |  Solution|
|----------|:----------------:|----------:|
| String   |String validation |[Python](python/string/string_validation.py)|
| Introduction|Hello World|[Python](python/helloworld.py)|
| I/O |Python-print|[Python](python/python-print.py)|
| Data Structure |List|[Python](python/list.py)|
| Python Loops |Loops|[Python](python/loop.py)|
| Split and join |Strings |[Python](python/split_and_join.py)|

## 10 Days Javascript 

|Day|      Name |  Solution|
|---|:---------:|----------:|
| 0 |Hello world|[JS](10-days-javascript/hello-world.js)|
| 1 |Data types|[JS](10-days-javascript/data-types.js)|
| 1 |Arithmetic Operators|[JS](10-days-javascript/arithmetic-operators.js)|
| 1 |Function|[JS](10-days-javascript/function.js)|
| 1 |If-else|[JS](10-days-javascript/if-else.js)|
| 1 |Let and Cost|[JS](10-days-javascript/let_and_cost.js)|
| 2 |Loops|[JS](10-days-javascript/loops.js)|
| 4 |Recatangle Object ([Tutorial](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/js10-objects/topics))|[JS](10-days-javascript/rectangle_object.js)|
| 4 |Count Objects ([Tutorial](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/js10-count-objects/topics))|[](10-days-javascript/ )|



## C++

| Name |  Solution|
|---|:---------:|
|Data Types|[C++](c++/data-types.cpp)|
|Array left shift|[C++](c++/arra_left_shift.cpp)|
|Min Max sum|[C++](c++/min-max-sum.cpp)|
|Preoder Traversal Tree|[C++](c++/preorder-traversal.cpp)|
|Struct|[C++](c++/struct.cpp)|
|Vector Sort|[C++](c++/vector_sort.cpp)|
|Vector Erase|[C++](c++/vector-erase.cpp)|
|SET|[C++](c++/set.cpp)|
|Map|[C++](c++/map.cpp)|

## Interview preparation kit
| Name |  Solution|
|---|:---------:|
|Detect Cycle in Linked List|[C++](inteview_preparation/detect_cyclec.cpp)|

## How to contribute?
1. Fork the repository
2. Do the desired changes (add/delete/modify)
3. Make a pull request

## When to contribute?
1. If there is no solution to a problem in the main branch.
2. If your solution is asymptotically faster than the one in the main branch.
3. If your algorithm is of the same time complexity but with reduced code size. In this case, comment out the original solution and make a pull request with your solution.
4. If you have another method of solving the problem which is asymptotically slower than the original method then, comment your solution in the main file and make a pull request.

## Mind that
Constructive criticisms or code reviews of any kind are very much welcome.

If you have any questions about the solutions you can find here, feel free to contact me at: [davidepollicino2015@gmail.com](mailto:davidepollicino2015@gmail.com?subject=[GitHub]%20HackerRankSolution)
